1. Me and my collegue have been working on stock market prediction, in detail we've tried to predict the stock market for commodities. 
The general idea was that we wanted to see if there was a relationship between two or more commodities and what it would mean to 
predict them together

2. As a part of the initial study, we had to research a bit about stocks to get us ready for the task. 
The thing we learned/decided was that we would use daily data.
There are many reasons why, but two of them is; Limitation is needed and because there is a Yahoo api. 
We've focused on commodities because the main thought was that if there are related stocks, surely it was resources
Each daily data entry has "stock quotes" -> basically daily information about the stock prices, but what should
we include in our training data? This was one of the questions we asked ourself in the initial study. 

3. But we did manage to answer the big question. How it will function in a nutshell. We also decided that 
we wanted to do supervised training. So that was the big question answered, but many other questions remained

4.  1) No idea, nothing on internet
    2) No idea, nothing on internet
    3) Yes, dataframes with pandas through Yahoo
    4) Problem: All stocks did not have same set of recorded days, solution: copy last recorded day
    5) We'll have to experiment with that

5. Decision tree classifier
	Is a simple and easy to understand classifier, that builds a decision tree when fitted. 
	Predicts by learning rules from the data features given.
   MLPClassifier
	Network of perceptrons, a type of neural network. Very
6. This is a small visualisation of the design, 
	preprocessing: 
			get_data: getting data with pandas and storing them as dataframes
			build_data: using dataframes to build consistent dictionary
						(key:datum  value:datapoint)
	processing:
			get_features: use a sliding window of length as period and each time we move the sliding we label
					(output: tuple(features, labels))
	learn: 		return a prediction model so that we can predict new

7. 